Coconut-Pinapple-Pops
=====================

&lt;h1>Pinapple Coconut Pops!&lt;/h1> &lt;img src= "http://static.parade.condenast.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/exotic-popsicles-ftr.jpg" width="255" height="151" alt="pinapic"/> &lt;p> These are my favorite dessert, and I make them at least once a week.  It takes less than 5 mnutes to make and requires very few ingredients.  Let's look at what we need: &lt;ul>&lt;li>1 can on coconut milk(unsweetened)&lt;/li>     &lt;li>1 and a half cups frozen pinapple chunks.&lt;/li>     &lt;li>2 tblsp of honey (I always find a good jar of organic honey from my local farmers market, and it lasts me for months)&lt;/li>     &lt;li>Lime zest!( I can't help it I have to put an exclamation point after zest!)&lt;/li>   &lt;p>You'll only need 1 lime for the zest!  The zest makes a huge difference when it comes to taste so try not to skip on this ingredient.  Not a lime fan, or want to try someting different?  Swap out the lime for a lemon or an orange!&lt;/p>     &lt;h2>How to throw this concoction together!&lt;/h2>     &lt;ol>&lt;li>Gently break up the 1 and half cups of frozen pinapple and place it into your belnder.&lt;/li>         &lt;li>Next, pour 1 can of coconut milk into the blender.&lt;/li>         &lt;li>Take the lime zest and sprinkle it into the blender(I find it better to sprinkle the zest all around to help distribute it better and keep it from clumping on the center piece or the blades.) makes me feel better;!&lt;/li>         &lt;li>Last but not least drop 2 tablspoons of honey(sweeten it to taste, but 2 tblsp usually hits the mark.)&lt;/li>         &lt;li>Blend away! You'll probably choose to belnd on medium or high.  I like to have a little pinapple chuck to my popsicles, so I blend on medium for about 30-45 seconds.&lt;/li>&lt;li> Pour the yummy mix into your favorite popsicle holder, ice tray with fun shapes, or get creative. Freeze over night or for about 4 hours and enjoy!&lt;/li>&lt;/ol>     &lt;p>This recipe became a favorite for me when I decided to eat a little more simple and natural.  Every day I strive to do a little bit better and enjoy searching for and creating new recipes.&lt;p>         
